## Project Objective:- 
To complete the Final Challenge, your project should:

- Generate a 5-item collection using DALLE 2 or Midjourney
- Store items on IPFS using pinata.cloud
- Deploy an ERC721 or ERC1155 to the Goerli Ethereum Testnet
- You should have a promptDescription function on the contract that returns the prompt you used to generate the images
- Map Your NFT Collection using Polygon network token mapper. Note: this isn’t necessary but helpful for visualization.
- Write a hardhat script to batch mint all NFTs. Hint: ERC721A is optimal here.
- Write a hardhat script to batch transfer all NFTs from Ethereum to Polygon Mumbai using the FxPortal Bridge
- Approve the NFTs to be transferred
- Deposit the NFTs to the Bridge
- Test balanceOf on Mumbai

## Fxportal Process Explanations

In this undertaking, the creation of a collection of 5 distinct NFTs is initiated, leveraging images generated by midjourney AI as the creative source. The process involves the establishment of a Goerli Ethereum Testnet ERC721A contract, which governs essential functionalities like minting, transferring, and mapping of the NFTs. To ensure decentralized and secure storage, the NFTs are stored on IPFS through the services of pinata.cloud. This storage method utilizes the decentralized cloud infrastructure of IPFS, contributing to the overall resilience and accessibility of the NFT collection. The synergy of AI-generated images, a well-defined contract, and robust decentralized storage mechanisms forms the foundation of this innovative initiative.

## Ethereum to Polygon Theory

To deploy your ERC20 token on the root chain, start by noting the token's address, which will be required for future steps. Following this, grant approval for token transfers by invoking the ```approve()``` function of the root token, specifying the root tunnel's address and the desired amount as arguments.

Once the tokens are approved, proceed to initiate the cross-chain transfer. Execute the ```deposit()``` function on the root chain, specifying the recipient's address and the desired amount. This action will result in the corresponding child token being received on the child chain, with automatic mapping of the token. Optionally, you have the choice to call mapToken() before depositing to manually map the token.

Following the mapping process, you are now equipped to facilitate cross-chain transfers seamlessly. Utilize the deposit and withdraw functions of the tunnel to execute transfers between the root and child chains with ease. This series of steps ensures the successful deployment, approval, and cross-chain functionality of your ERC20 token.

## Steps To Produce 

To set up your wallet for Ethereum testnet or Polygon Mumbai, and configure the .env file, begin by adjusting the Hardhat network settings in hardhat.config.js. Once configured, execute the deployment script with the command: ```npx hardhat run scripts/Deployed.js --network``` goerli. Customize the Minted.js script by adding the deployed contract address and then run the script using the command: ```npx hardhat run scripts/NFTminted.js.js --network``` goerli.

Subsequently, establish the FxPortal Bridge to facilitate transfers from Ethereum to Polygon. Update the Deposited.js script with the necessary details, and execute the script using the command: ```npx hardhat run scripts/Transfer&Deposit.js --network goerli```. This sequential process ensures the proper configuration, deployment, and interaction with smart contracts on the specified networks, ultimately facilitating seamless transfers via the FxPortal Bridge.
